It was just another Sunday afternoon for Lucy, she was on her way to the farmer’s market to pick up some produce. When she arrived at the old train depot that housed the market, she noticed two men fighting on the steps. Before she could call for help, one of the men crumpled to his knees. The other man dropped an object that appeared to be a knife and ran off. When Lucy approached the crime scene she realized that the man who had been murdered was the Mayor and that he had a gunshot wound (Slaying of recognized kin).
On the ground beside him was a pen that she had mistaken for a knife. Lucy looked for the gunman and saw a suspicious man in black with distinct pointy features darting into an alley across the street. Cops who were nearby chased the man who had fled and arrested him (Erroneous Judgement).
But Lucy knew the charged man was innocent, which meant the killer was free. Lucy vowed to find out who the real murderer was and to stop him at all costs (Revolt).

The next day the mayors successor, Mr. Smith, a man who was very unpopular due to his strong ties to the oil companies, took office. After a long day of brainstorming about the mysterious killer, Lucy decided to attend his welcome ceremony in the city. During the mayor's speech, she noticed one of the security guards looked strangely familiar. It dawned on her that this new mayor had motive to kill and that the man in black could’ve been the guard working for him (The enigma).
Lucy decided to confront the mayor after his ceremony. But when she tried to accuse him, the security guards threatened to hurt her if she went to the police with her theory. Before she could say another word a man pulled her from the crowd (Deliverance).
The man in question was another security guard of Mayor Smith’s, who took Lucy into a hidden alleyway. His name was Max and he quickly explained that he was a part of the initial plot to kill the former Mayor but he regretted his involvement (Remorse).

He told Lucy about the Mayor's secret hideout in the forest that was used as a base for the Mayor’s plots. They formed a plan to infiltrate the base with Lucy’s brother Alex, a cop for the city, so they could find evidence of his crimes and arrest Mayor Smith. When the three arrived at the hideout, Max suggested they enter through the back. Once they snapped the lock off and opened the door, men grabbed hold of Lucy and Alex. The bodyguard in black came out and ordered the men to kill the cop immediately so he wouldn’t talk. The man holding him instantly shot him in the chest (Loss of loved one).
Lucy pleaded with the guard to let them go so she could take her brother to the hospital, she said she would give up her mission against the mayor (All sacrifice for passion).
The guards laughed at her request and Lucy suddenly realized that they must have been tipped off on when they’d be at the hideout. She turned to Max and accused him of betraying them (Discovery of dishonor of loved one).
Max shrugged and confessed to his disloyalty, he joined the other bodyguards in line and exclaimed neither of them were leaving this hideout alive. Resigned to her fate, Lucy closed her eyes and allowed the guards to kill her and any hope the former Mayor had of retribution.
