One day at work, Margaret walked up to her partner, Al, to ask him to talk to the chief of staff at the local hospital where she worked as a nurse (Supplication). 
While waiting outside the chief of staff’s office, Al heard nondescript shouting and yelling, there was a loud clatter in the room and then an eerie silence. An unfamiliar employee ran hastily out of the office with a terrified look on their face (Madness). 
Al explained to the chief of staff that Margaret wanted to be excused from her absences last week. The chief of staff, Susan, revealed that she wanted to fire Margaret and never see her again. Susan and Al had been having an affair and she wanted Margaret “out of the picture”. Al was conflicted, but agreed it would be for the best (Murderous Adultery). 

Weeks passed and nobody had seen Margaret. Coworkers and friends searched the nearby city looking for her. One day on patrol in a nearby town, a police officer heard someone crying for help in the basement of a house and went in to investigate. Margaret yelled that she was being held captive and needed help (Recovery of a Lost One).
In a rush, the police officer broke down the door and was attacked by a man in the house. Without hesitation, the officer shot the man and the man fell to the floor (Slaying of Kin Unrecognized).
The officer rushed to the basement, untied Margaret, and took her to safety.After being notified of the situation, Al rushed to meet Margaret as to not raise any suspicion. When he arrived, he saw Margaret pointing and yelling at Susan who had been handcuffed and was talking to the police. Shortly after, the police took Susan away in a police car. Al was devastated to see her being taken away, as Margaret sneered with disdain (An Enemy Loved).

Weeks later, Al went to county lockup to speak with Susan. After briefly catching up, he asked Susan about what happened at the house. Without realizing that their conversation was being recorded, Al foolishly mentioned their plans to get rid of Margaret. He even went as far to ask about what to do next. Within days, the two of them ended up confessing about their plot (Fatal Imprudence).
Shortly after, Margaret heard about Al’s confession and infidelity on the local news. She was furious that she did not know what was going on and hurt that Al had been acting so selfishly behind her back (Discovery of Dishonor of Loved One).
Margaret went to a local bar to drown out her pain. After a few drinks at a quiet bar, she went to the back of the bar to use the facilities. On her way back, she heard someone approaching her from behind with a shuffled gait. She turned around and realized it was the man that was keeping her captive! Before she could make a sound, he covered her mouth with a rag and pulled her out the back of the bar – never to be seen again (Abduction).

