Luke always thought of himself as an honest man. That’s why during his evening jog around the swamp, he pondered his recent affair with the receptionist at work. Luke looked up at the sky and asked God why he was so weak and unfaithful. He thought of the impact this would have on his family and told God of his conflicted feelings toward telling his wife Marta (Conflict with god).
Suddenly, Luke heard a woman call out his name and when he turned around he saw Carly, his receptionist, across the road with a gun in her hand. Carly ran to him and explained how she had followed him here to confess her love. She exclaimed if Luke didn’t love her back that she would kill him and his family. Carly explained that the only way they could be together is to kill Marta. (Adultery).
Luke thought of his child and felt like this was his only option. He agreed to the plan and called his wife to meet him at the swamp to watch the sunset with him. When she arrived, Marta called out for her husband, but found Carly waiting for her. She immediately drew her gun and shot her in the chest, knocking her unconscious (Slaying of unrecognized kin). 

Luke ran to Marta, and filled with regret over his decision to go along with Carly’s plan, picked her up and rushed her to the hospital. The doctors tried to help Marta by taking her into emergency surgery but failed to save her life. Once the doctor called the time of death, Luke fell to his knees and sobbed over his rash decision (Fatal imprudence).
He then saw Marta’s brother Zach enter the hospital. Zach ran over to Luke and punched him. Zach screamed at Luke that it’s his fault his sister is dead and that he knew about the affair. Luke quickly tried to explain that he felt horrible about Marta’s death and that Carly had manipulated him into going along with her plan. Zach, still angry at his brother-in-law, realized his mistake in judgement and shifted his anger toward Carly (Erroneous Judgement).
After the tension with Zach cooled down, Luke thought of when he should call his son and inform him of his mother's passing. He would be out of school any minute and should hear the news from him. Luke reflected on his decision and realized it was necessary to sacrifice his wife to ensure their child's safety, and that Marta had told him to above all else to protect him (Necessity of sacrificing loved ones).

The police showed up at Carly’s door a few days later, having matched the prints found on the murder weapon to hers. She was charged with first degree murder and life in prison. Years passed and she still thought of her love, Luke, and how she missed him. Until one day he showed up during visiting hours (Recovery of a lost one).
Luke explained he needed closure and told her how much he hated her for killing his wife. Carly was heartbroken over this because she had held on to this delusion that Luke still loved her after all these years. Once back in her cell she began to plot how to get back at Luke, she blamed him for her lifelong sentence and vowed to break out. She wanted to make him feel just as miserable as she did, and she knew the only way to do that was to take what he loved most, his son. She flirted with a guard who she knew was sweet on her and convinced him to help her escape (Crimes of love).
Once outside the prison walls, she went to the school Luke’s son attended and fooled the faculty into thinking she was his aunt. She then took the child and fled with him, never to be seen again (Abduction).
