Larry had recently lost his family, job and home, and was now living on his own in the park. He had most of his belongings, including some clothes, a blanket, and his mother’s special necklace. His family had been very important to him and he felt as though he did not have much going for him. One of his first days in the park he came across a family that did not have much food and looked very cold. He decided to give them some of his food and his blanket (Self-sacrifice for an Ideal).
Later that night, while he was trying to fall asleep, a man passed by, took his mother’s necklace, and ran away quickly. Larry immediately contacted the police and the next night they were able to locate the man who stole the necklace (Remorse).
Unfortunately, he had already sold the necklace for money, but the police found the pawn shop and tracked down the necklace; Larry was finally reunited with his mother’s special necklace (Fatal Imprudence).

The next week, while on a walk through the woods, Larry ran into the family from the park. The father of the family, Bill, informed Larry that their young son had been kidnapped and the kidnapper had left a note saying to meet them in the forest with ransom money. The family did not have much but they knew they had to get their son back (Abduction).
While they were looking for their son, Bill lost the envelope with the money in it (Fatal Imprudence).
At this point they were looking for the money and their son. Larry had been spending a lot of time with their daughter, Sarah, and the two developed a strong romantic connection. Bill did not approve of the relationship, but Larry and Sarah were not sure why (Obstacles to Love). A friend of the family’s ran into the forest to inform the family that a young boy was brought into the hospital; the family decided to rush to the hospital in hopes that the boy was their son. 

As they approached the hospital, Larry confronted Bill to ask him why he didn’t approve of his and Sarah’s relationship. Bill revealed to Larry that he and Sarah were cousins; Larry was very confused. Bill explained further that he and Larry’s father were estranged brothers. After learning this information, Sarah and Larry decided that they should not pursue a romantic relationship (Involuntary Crimes of Love).
In the hospital, the family found out that the young boy was not their son (Disaster).
Just as they were about to leave, a nurse told them another young boy had been brought in. The family rushed to the room he was brought to and saw that the young boy was their son, but he was in very bad shape. With his whole family surrounding him, the young boy passed away (Loss of Loved One).
Weeks later, still mourning the loss of their son, the family welcomed Larry into their family as Bill’s nephew. 
