Linda and Amy had been best friends since kindergarten, they even found homes on the same street in the forest on the edge of town. Their biggest fight had been over who gets the bigger slice of cake, until Amy married Dan. Linda loathed Dan, she thought he was manipulative and had a violent temper. She only put up with him because Amy loved him (An enemy loved). 
This feeling of hate between Amy and Dan was mutual, Dan didn’t like how much time his wife spent with her and thought Amy was creating distance between their marriage. That’s why Dan decided to try and tarnish Linda’s reputation with his wife, in hopes it would get rid of her. He came home one afternoon and exclaimed that Linda had tried to kiss him. Amy was taken aback and immediately called Linda to confront her about these accusations. When Linda arrived she denied having made a move on Dan, but discovered Dan had enlisted the help of his friend Will who said he “witnessed” it all happen (Enmity of Kin).
Since it was their word against her own, she decided to go home and admit defeat. She knew how much it would hurt Amy to know the truth (Necessity of sacrificing loved ones). 

Months later Dan had taken up a mistress, he was growing bored with his marriage ever since he got rid of Linda and was only still with Amy for her family’s money. In a hotel room in a nearby town, Dan and his mistress, Nicole, conspired to secretly kill Amy while still obtaining her fortune (Murderous Adultery). 
They decided to have Dan invite her to the hotel room under the guise of a romantic date. Once she arrived, Nicole was there to tie her up. Once she was secured to a chair, Nicole demanded Amy's bank passwords. Amy obliged and gave her access to her bank accounts (Daring enterprise).
Nicole transferred all of Amy’s money into Dan’s bank account despite Amy’s pleading for her to stop (Ambition).

Once successful, the mistress knocked Amy out with a forceful blow to the head. After seeing Amy’s body lying limp on the ground, she was suddenly filled with regret over her actions. Nicole quickly rushed her to the hospital, realizing she had only been jealous of Amy’s marriage with Dan and that she didn’t deserve to die (Mistaken Jealousy). 
Once Amy awoke from consciousness at the hospital, she was met by Linda. Linda rushed over as soon as she was called, finding out she was still Amy’s emergency contact. Nicole apologized and explained to Amy and Linda what had happened at the hotel. Amy was taken aback when she realized her husband's betrayal (Discovery of dishonour of loved one). 
She decided it was best to let Dan run off with her money if that meant he was out of her life forever (Self-sacrifice for an ideal). Amy and Linda continued to be best friends, and years later she went on to marry a kind man with a loving family.
