The Watson family siblings were born and raised in the heart of New York City. The two brothers, Eric and James, had always been close; whereas, Sophie, beloved by her two parents was ignored by her brothers at an early age. When the siblings were not yet adults their parents passed away. Due to their bitterness towards their sister, shortly after the death of their parents, Eric and James arranged for Sophie to marry a wealthy young man whom she loathed, named Dean. (Enmity of Kin).
After the marriage, the siblings were informed that, according to their parents’ will, the majority of their parents’ money would be inherited by Sophie. She was given a key to their parents’ safe with the family money. The brothers were outraged and wanted the money for themselves; they arranged for the marriage to take place the next day in the hopes that with her new husband’s and his fortune, Sophie would have to relinquish their parents’ money to her brothers (Ambition).
The next day Sophie and Dean were married. The very next day Sophie met a lovely gentleman named Christopher; the two hit it off immediately and decided that Dean needed to be removed from the picture. Several weeks later, before dinner Sophie slipped a lethal pill into Dean’s food. He ate all of his food and never woke up the next morning (Murderous Adultery). 

The next day Sophie and Christopher decided to bring Dean’s body to the hospital in order to make it look as though his death was due to natural causes (Obstacles to Love).
While moving Dean’s body into the hospital, Sophie lost the key to the family safe (Fatal Imprudence).
Little did she know, her brothers had been following her and Christopher. The brothers had seen her lose the key and had it in their possession (Disaster). 

After leaving the hospital, Sophie, Christopher, and the brothers were running through the park. They ran into each other and Sophie could see that her brothers had the key. She ran at them and they began fighting. 
Christopher stepped in to help Sophie and in the middle of the altercation Christopher was hit so many times that he fell to the ground unconscious (Loss of a Loved One).
Sophie knelt by Christopher’s side and cried. Amidst her cries she heard sirens; the local park police had seen the altercation unfold. They handcuffed Eric and James and took them away, but not before giving Sophie the key back (Rivalry of Kin, Rivalry of Superior versus Inferior). 
