For the first time since their mother passed one year ago, brothers Clarence and Darrell and their father William pulled up to the old swamp just beyond their childhood home. Since their mother’s death, the sons had become estranged from their father and disapproved of the manner in which he conducted himself after her death. After repeatedly ignoring their father’s attempts to see them, the sons agreed to join their father in spreading some of their mother’s ashes in the swamp, because it was her favorite place to bring them as children. For their father, the trip was an opportunity to mend the relationship with his sons (Ambition).
As memories of their mother resurfaced, the sons became furious with their father and marched off; their father was unable to rekindle the relationship with his sons, as he had hoped (Disaster).
After his sons left, William sat by the swamp and was approached by Slyvia, Clarence’s wife. As the two got to talking they realized how much they had in common. Both had been neglected by Clarence and were searching for companionship. With a passionate kiss they acknowledged their love for each other (Crimes of Love).
 
The next day William found himself wandering around town; he happened upon a park bench. William was a faithful man and as he sat down, he looked to the sky and spoke to God. He asked why he had further jeopardized his relationship with his son; he grew saddened and felt horribly conflicted (Conflict with God).
Suddenly, he heard footsteps and looked up to find Clarence towering over him. Clarence screamed at his father, “I wish you would have died, instead of mom!” and ran off (Revolt).
On his way through town he turned the corner on the street towards their childhood home. He stormed into the home, took the urn with the rest of their mother’s ashes, and left (Abduction). 

Once William returned home, he noticed that the urn was gone and knew where to find it. He went to Clarence’s home, stole the urn back and ran off into the forest. He found a large rock and threw the urn at the rock, shattering it completely. He thought to himself that letting go of the past would allow him to prove to Sylvia that he wanted to be with her (All Sacrificed for Passion).
In the distance, Clarence and Darrell witnessed their father shatter the urn and walked away, knowing they never wanted to see or hear from their father again (Emnity of Kin).
William heard Sylvia approaching and the two embraced and decided to run off together and start a new life (Adultery). 
