William and Johnny are brother-in-laws who had been cellmates for years. Both were facing the death penalty in the coming week. They had spent the last year planning a jailbreak together to avoid their looming death (Enmity of kin).
When the day came to make their escape, everything was going according to plan. They had successfully stolen the keys from the guard and had made their run toward the exit. As they approached the final gate, William looked over his shoulder and saw the guards catching up. He thought of his own freedom and being reunited with his wife and child. Just as the guards were about to capture them, William tripped Johnny and he fell to the floor. This distraction gave William just enough time to reach the exit and escape (All sacrificed for passion).
When William got to the street and met his wife, Shannon, with the car, she asked where her brother was. Seeing her husband’s facial expression become grim, she quickly discovered William had left him behind (Discovery of dishonour of loved one). 

Once the two returned home, Shannon decided to take a walk in the park next to their house to process the betrayal by her husband. She met up with her friend Robert, who had been helping her take care of her child and comfort her while William had been in prison. She shared her grievances with Robert as he hugged her and in a moment of weakness the two kissed (Crimes of love).
When Shannon returned home she discovered William had taken their child. He left a note explaining he had sacrificed Johnny, her brother, so he could provide their child with a father. He said that she would never understand so he had to leave (Necessity of sacrificing loved ones).
Robert and Shannon quickly made a plan to get the child back from William (Adultery).

They found out William had met up with his old criminal partner Aaron, who agreed to let William and their son stay at his beach house. Shannon remembered Aaron and knew William still in debt to Aaron financially; trying to repay Aaron is what initially landed William in jail. Shannon knew she had to get there quick before Aaron did anything to William, or their child (Revolt).
Robert knew he needed to help Shannon and was willing to do what he knew Shannon couldn’t, kill William, if it meant saving the child (An enemy loved).
When they arrived at Aaron’s beach house, William saw them immediately. He made a run for it with the child, and both Shannon and Robert quickly caught up to them. When the kid realized it was Robert and Shannon who had been chasing them, he immediately ran away from William and into Robert’s arms. William saw this and was heartbroken, wishing he had not missed so much of his child’s life. He could see how happy his child was to see Robert. Aaron suddenly arrived and attempted to take the child from Robert. William lunged at him and yelled at Robert and Shannon to run away with the kid. William knew his child would be better off with them, so he stayed back to buy them time to escape (Mistaken Jealousy).
