James’s and Nancy’s son Peter had been kidnapped recently. James told Nancy to stay at home and that he would search the whole town for the son, no matter how long it took. For days James had been searching all through town to find Peter, calling his name and hoping to hear his son’s voice call back. One day while searching through an abandoned building, he finally heard his son yelling to him. He followed the voice and found his son tied to a chair (Recovery of a Lost One).
After looking around to make sure no one else was there, he ran to his son, untied him and led him out of the building into the main part of town. While running through town on their way home, James and Peter ran into James’s good friend Matthew. Matthew was so happy that James had found Peter but he warned them that the kidnappers would soon see that Peter was missing and they would come for James and Peter this time. Matthew suggested that they hide out at his property in the city far from town (The Enigma).
James was furious that the kidnappers had taken his son and that they now had to flee and hide. He told Matthew to take Peter because he was going to find the kidnappers and take revenge on his own (Revolt).

When James returned to their home he saw his wife standing by the swamp near the house with two other men. Before he could react quick enough he saw one of the men strike his wife and she fell to the ground (Loss of Loved One).
James ran to Nancy’s side and knelt before her crying while the other men were standing above him feeling no remorse (An Enemy Loved).
Suddenly, one of the men grabbed Nancy and despite the fact that James fought him, the man was able to overpower James and took Nancy and threw her body into the swamp (Daring Enterprise).
 
James made his way to Matthew’s house in the city to meet back up with his son. When he arrived, he told Matthew about Nancy’s death. Matthew explained that he was sorry but he thought that Peter should stay with Matthew and his wife because he needed a mother and father. In his state of sorrow and depression, he agreed that he did not have the capacity to take care of Peter and that it was best for him to stay with Matthew and his wife (Self-sacrifice for Kin).
After the events of the last week or so, James felt he had suffered everything someone could (Falling Prey to Misfortune).
Over the next of couple weeks, the tragedies James had endured began to drove him mad and he spent the rest of his life alone and in agony and pain (Madness).   
