Siblings Dan, Ben, and Hannah had been on their own since their parents were convicted and sentenced to prison. During their childhood their parents were absent and the siblings had to figure things out for themselves. All three siblings lived in Chicago; Ben and Hannah lived together and Dan was living with his girlfriend. Dan’s girlfriend recently got a job in Minneapolis and Dan decided to quit his job and moved to Minneapolis with his girlfriend. The move was really hard on their relationship because Dan was missing his life back in Chicago, and his girlfriend was feeling guilty for making him move. They decided to end their relationship and Dan moved back to Chicago to live with his siblings (All Sacrificed for Passion). 
Living with his siblings turned out to be very enjoyable; the three got along very well, until one day. Dan had asked Hannah if, while she was at work, he could borrow her car to get groceries for the house; Hannah said that he could. When she left for work, Ben decided to go out and get groceries instead of Dan. While he was out, he got into a car accident with another car. When Hannah came back she saw the damage to the car and assumed that Dan had gotten in the car accident (Erroneous Judgment).
Then, Ben and Dan got in an argument because Ben would not admit to the fact that he crashed the car. Eventually, Ben and Dan told Hannah the truth and Hannah sided with Dan (Rivalry of Kin).

Over the next couple days Ben was feeling nauseous and having headaches; so Dan and Hannah decided to take him to the hospital. At the hospital they found out that Ben had suffered a concussion during the accident. The woman who Ben had collided with, Rachel, was also at the hospital and Dan reached out to her to apologize for the unfortunate event (An enemy loved).
Dan and Rachel started developing a relationship. This romantic relationship increased tensions between Dan and Ben. Dan and Rachel had to work to overcome the fact that Ben did not approve of their relationship (Obstacles to Love).
Feeling distraught and conflicted, Dan turned to God and asked him what he should do about the situation between Rachel and his brother. During his reflection, he decided that after all the trouble over the last couple weeks, the siblings needed to see their parents (Conflict with God). 

When the siblings got to the prison they met with their parents, and before they knew it their parents were asking the siblings to send them more money (Obtaining).
The children pleaded that all they wanted was for their parents to love them in the traditional sense (Ambition).
Their parents responded saying that there was nothing they could do but they would find a way to have their money sent to them and the children wouldn’t have access to it (Disaster). The siblings left the prison distraught.

