Anna and her husband, Glenn, were in prison for robbing a convenience store. During their time in prison, Anna met Jeff, a man who was also convicted of robbery. The two of them developed a strong relationship, which turned into a romantic affair; Glenn was not aware of Anna’s infidelity. One day Glenn saw Anna walking down a hallway by herself, so he followed her as she made her way to a storage closet. After she entered the closet, Glenn waited ten minutes and then went and knocked on the door. After a minute had gone by, Anna opened the door and was surprised to see Glenn standing before her. He pulled her out of the room and saw that her shirt was inside out and backwards. He grabbed her by the arms, started shaking her, and asked her what she was doing in the closet. His shaking became so violent that he shoved her to the ground. As he was about to hit her, Jeff came out of the closet and grabbed Glenn’s hand before he could touch Anna again (Deliverance).
Jeff kneeled by Anna’s side and took her hand. They discussed that something had to be done about Glenn (Adultery).
Glenn could not believe what he had done, and ran from them in a fit (Pursuit). Jeff and Anna avoided Glenn for the remainder of their sentences.

Six months later, all three of them were out of prison. Alone in the park, Glenn spoke to God and contemplated how he would atone for his sins and get his wife back (Conflict with a God).
Just then, he saw Anna walking by herself through the park; he had found her and this was his opportunity to win her back (Recovery of Lost One).
Glenn ran to Anna and explained that he still loved her and had no intention to hurt her, but he wanted her back and would do anything to have her back in his life (Supplication).

Anna clutched her stomach and screamed that she was in pain. Glenn had no idea what was happening but swept her up and carried her to the hospital. At the hospital, Glenn and Anna were met by Jeff, who had learned of her condition. The doctor explained that Anna was pregnant (Involuntary Crimes of Love).
Anna and Jeff wanted to keep the baby but Glenn, who still wanted to be with Anna said that if the baby was Jeff’s that she should terminate the pregnancy and be with him (An Enemy Loved).
Anna turned to Glenn and told him that she didn’t love him anymore, she loved Jeff, and that she and Jeff were going to keep the baby (Ambition). 
