Sam’s relationship with one of the female inmates, Jen, at the local prison had increased over the last couple months. As a veteraned guard at the prison, he knew his developing romantic relationship was becoming suspicious, which began to drive him mad (Madness).
Jen’s husband was also an inmate and he had witnessed the development of their relationship and grew very jealous (Adultery and Mistaken Jealousy).
Late at night Jen revealed that she has been wrongfully accused and that she had devised an escape plan. The next night Sam knocked out the other guard in order to render him unconscious, which allowed Sam to unlock Jen’s cell. Together they escaped from the prison; however, during the escape, Jen injured her leg. Sam carried her to his car, knowing that she would need medical attention, so he drove her to the hospital. 

At the hospital, they knew that they would have to be discreet. When they arrived they saw that their escape had already been broadcast on TV. One nurse saw them and as she was reaching for the phone, Jen grabbed a chair and hit her on the head (Slaying of Kin Unrecognized).
Sam immediately grabbed Jen and angrily asked her why she had to hurt the nurse; he felt horrible for injuring an innocent person (Remorse).
Suddenly, Sam became aware that Jen has been manipulating him the entire time; he grew angry for following along with her plan (Discovery of Dishonour of Loved One). Jen said that they couldn’t risk anything so she grabbed the necessary medical supplies, took Sam’s hand, and left the hospital as fast as possible without being seen. 

In Sam’s car the two made their way to the swamp located just beyond the town. At the edge of the swamp they saw a boat, but Sam finally confronted Jen and said that they should return to town and confess (Ambition).
Jen explained that nothing good will come of their confession. Reluctantly, Sam got into the boat and the two began their journey down the swamp, further away from town. After a few minutes Sam changed his mind and managed to overpower Jen, and hold her down while he turned the boat around back towards town (Daring Enterprise).
As they were approaching town, they heard sirens and police cars swarmed the swamp. The two were removed from the boat, handcuffed, and given prison sentences for their devious actions (Falling prey to misfortune). 

